***Nayum

**Backstory
I swear that it didn’t start with a murder. In fact, it started with a new life. Maybe not a life? I don’t understand her myself. I only know the fear she evokes from me. I only know that when she speaks, I listen. When she commands, I obey. If there is a force out there that is higher and more divine than this one, then may they help me if I ever find myself crossing her.

Our first conversation was quite brief. I was field dressing the large game that had stumbled upon me. The exact animal eludes my mind these days, as it was many decades ago. I was taking my time, making sure to respect the life I had taken. My way of using everything I could from as little as possible may have attracted her. She approached me without a sound. No fallen leaves breaking under her stride. No stray breaths to give away her position. I am unsure how long she stood over me, watching the slow, methodical movement of my blade across the skin of the late animal before me. I glanced upward in curiosity only because a swift breeze had rattled my tent, catching the cloth. 

My eyes first caught sight of a dark cloak stretching out to reach the grass around the feet of her. I craned my neck slowly to catch a glimpse of her face. As each inch of her figure was revealed, a strange guttural feeling took over my being more and more. The fear this entity in front of me was so visceral and concentrated that I leaped and fell backward, releasing my grip on my knife. I only remembered I had a knife in the first place when I felt it plunge into my back, most likely piercing several vital organs in the process. 

There I was, back pressed to the ground, knife in the lung, and scared shitless. My muscles refused to respond to my commands. Unable to even breathe, I could only watch her cloak whip back and forth in the increasingly intense wind. She slowly knelt next to me. The wind was torrential at this point. Trees bent like spring sticks, leaves, and small twigs rushed past us, all the while her cloak flapped like it was merely a crosswind, careful not to reveal any portion of her figure. She reached a lone slender hand out to grasp my shoulder. The woman began to speak. I couldn’t tell if the voice was coming from inside my head or from her lips. My whole chest was on fire. The lack of breathing was getting to my head. I could only focus on a few words at a time. 
“Soon you will be needed... A great threat... Immediate action...


Dream.” 

As soon as that single word was processed in my head I shot upwards, ripping through the canvas of my tent. As my head now poked through the tent, I could see that the midday sun was gone. I stood straight up, breathing perfectly well, and without any wounds in my lower back.
The next few weeks were intense. Every night I dreamt of her. Every night I was terrified to sleep. She spoke of a task I had to accomplish, and that if I proved myself worthy I would be a close ally of hers. One night I worked up the courage to ask what the task was specifically.

“Nahum, this task will seem especially heinous even to you, my faithful servant. I understand that you have met every responsibility that has been given to you.” She paused to form her next sentence. “Three days from this, a child will be born. A child of supernatural nature. A child which will go on to do incredible things. This child will grow to be a highly intelligent threat to our way of life. They will cure death as we know it.”

“What is to be done about it?” I replied, knowing deep down what she was about to ask of me.

“I propose you prove your faith by killing this child while it is young and defenseless. Its horrid fate and supernatural nature must be stopped.”

“It will be done, my dear Custodian.”

A cold sweat awaited my return to consciousness. Some may call me dogmatic, but I didn’t feel a single moment of doubt. She is to be respected, so I must fulfill her will. 
She taught me how to kill an entire person. Not just end their worldly existence, but to murder their soul. To kill the entire person was to prevent their reincarnation as an inevitability of fate. 

On that third night, I voyaged to the location of the infant I was to assassinate. I peered through the window of a small shack in an offshoot of a larger village. There before my eyes rested a small child being held by two abominations of supernatural descent. Armed with only my small blade, I crept through a window, making my way closer to the family. Once I reached the child’s bedroom where the family was located, I put my plan into action. I first lured one of the parents into the other by rattling some cast iron pans. The moment the evil creature crossed the threshold into the room I was occupying, I struck. I silently killed the initial parent, making the quiet murder of the second much easier. The only other living creature in this house was the infant of fewer than three days of age. The floorboards began to become wet and saturated with the blood of the adults. I placed the infant in the center of the shrine I had constructed with materials I had brought with me.

**Motivations
Serve the custodian
Maintain order

**Friends & Allies
The Custodian